Updated repo with Policies voted on 1st of August 2020 (#2)
Cog-Creators/Red-Policies: policies/accepted/8.md

# Permanent owner status for  [Twentysix](https://github.com/Twentysix26)
## OVERVIEW
During the events that led to the [Cog-Creators](https://github.com/Cog-Creators?) org creation, [Twentysix](https://github.com/Twentysix26) agreed to transfer the repository from his personal account to the organization with the expectation that he will maintain ownership in the org, along with other members.
## GOALS

> - Decide if [Cog-Creators](https://github.com/Cog-Creators?) should be exempt from parts of [Policy 2](2.md) and have his ownership permissions maintained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Decide if [Twentysix](https://github.com/Twentysix26) should be exempt from parts of [Policy 2](2.md) and have his ownership permissions maintained.
```

- Clarify the restriction imposed upon [Twentysix](https://github.com/Twentysix26) should this policy be implemented.

## BREAKDOWN
- [Twentysix](https://github.com/Twentysix26) will be kept as an Org owner indefinitely, in turn making him exempt from the Org privileges clause of [Policy 2](2.md).
- [Twentysix](https://github.com/Twentysix26) will be exempt from the inactivity clause of [Policy 2](2.md).
- [Twentysix](https://github.com/Twentysix26) is not exempt from the Org forced removal clause in [Policy 2](2.md).

> - [Twentysix](https://github.com/Twentysix26) will not use owner permissions for any purpose without agreeing with the org first (subject to the forced removal clause if breached)
> - This vote is considered a policy modification and must be voted under [Policy 1](1.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Twentysix](https://github.com/Twentysix26) will not use owner permissions for any purpose without agreeing with the org first (subject to the forced removal clause if breached).
- This vote is considered a policy modification and must be voted under [Policy 1](1.md).
```
